<p><strong>What the project does?</strong><br />The project belongs to the lecture "Development Lab" of the master degree "Wirtschaftsinformatik" at the Hochschule der Medien in Stuttgart. The task of the lecture is to build a prototype of a system which can present documents in a user interface of a video conference software and the presented documents are depending on the content of the conversation in the session. The project team is devided in 5 groups: Complexe Event Processing, Speech Tokenization, User Experience, Document Representation and Machine Learning.<br /><br />This repository belongs to the group of the Document Representation group. The specific task of this group is to represent the information which is contained in the project documents. Additionally, the topic of the conversation must be possible to assigne to matching project documents which can then be displayed in the User Interface for the User to click on them.<br />The full task description can be found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YCmXZe6bl_sAlmOstrQ4YokO9TxSDtYGKe9szvNbPkQ/edit<br /><br />Following technologies were used for this task:<br />• Protégé as an ontology editor for representing the content of the conversations and documents<br />• Apache Jena as a java-based framework for semantic networks<br />• Apache Jena Fuseki as a SPARQL server for doing queries on the ontology.<br />• Google Drive to store the project documents. These can be found here: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Cka6V81uKUkCH_9RTY31EM8SoVm6rRo_ <br /><br />The repository contains following files:<br />• The latest version of the ontology<br />• The lastest version of the class diagramm which describes the ontology in a graphical way.<br />• The Java folder which contains the Java code which will be described in an additional readme.md file<br />• The SPARQL-Fallstudien folder which contains the SPARQL code of the first semester</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why the project is useful?</strong><br />The project is for everybody who is interested in semantic web technologies, in detail: creating ontologies and writing SPARQL queries. It can help beginners to get to know the named technologies and to see how they can used in the context of a project with several components.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What can other people do with our project?</strong><br />On the one side people can use our project as an example to get an idea of the technologies. On the other side people can look through our project including the java code and the ontology and help to improve these.</p>

